docs: add setup-env tutorial (#7)
dhis2/developer-portal: docs/guides/code-style.md

---
id: code-style
title: How to set up code style for DHIS2
---

It can be very helpful to follow the DHIS2 style to ensure that you write clean, readable, and functional code for your DHIS2 applications.  

To do this, the [DHIS2 CLI style](https://cli-style.dhis2.nu/#/) provides a tool that checks and fixes the style of JavaScript and text files in your repository.  

The `d2-style` runs [prettier](https://prettier.io/) and [eslint](https://eslint.org) under the hood with [a standardized configuration](https://github.com/dhis2/cli-style/tree/master/config/js).  

It also installs git hooks with [husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky) which will automatically check your code style before making a `git` commit!

## 1. Add `d2-style` 

First, add `d2-style` as a development dependency: 

```shell
yarn add @dhis2/cli-style --dev
```

## 2. Set up a pre-configured project 

> `d2-style` comes with code style for a range of projects. The project/react should be a good starting point for a React project, as it adds `eslint-plugin-react`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`d2-style` comes with code style for a range of presets. The preset `project/react` should be a good starting point for a React project, as it adds `eslint-plugin-react`.
```

Run this command to automatically set up the project to follow the DHIS2 code style: 

```shell

> d2 style install project/react

Reviewer: This actually uses the globally-installed version of `d2`, which might not exist (since step 1 only installed it locally)

```suggestion
yarn d2-style install project/react
```
